Update integrate-configuration-manager-with-mdt.md (#4521)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/deploy-windows-mdt/integrate-configuration-manager-with-mdt.md

As noted above, MDT adds many enhancements to Configuration Manager. While these enhancements are called Zero Touch, that name does not reflect how deployment is conducted. The following sections provide a few samples of the 280 enhancements that MDT adds to Configuration Manager.

> >[!Note]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!Note]
```

> >Microsoft Deployment Toolkit requires [Windows PowerShell 2.0 Engine](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/scripting/install/installing-the-windows-powershell-2.0-engine) to be installed on the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Microsoft Deployment Toolkit requires you to install [Windows PowerShell 2.0 Engine](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/scripting/install/installing-the-windows-powershell-2.0-engine) on your server.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
